# Entry 1

When thinking about a website to make, I have been considering many topics. I received two degrees in math education and transitioned to programming thanks to a website called DeltaMath. I really enjoyed programming my own math homework modules, so I considered making a website that somehow blended math with technology, but I wasn't sure where to go with it. I also considered Digital Circuit Logic, since that was one of my favorite classes in college. But I finally decided on tech careers. 

I am very passionate about my software engineering students and seeing them apply what I teach them. I have seen students make websites, apps, and other creations that are integrated into every parts of our lives: home life, travel, education, and the list goes on. I am never more disheartened than when a student wants out of the program because they don't think they'll use what they learn in their future. I try to encourage them by reminding them of the soft skills they'll gain (communication, collaboration, time management, etc), but I'd love to encourage them with the technical knowledge they're gaining as well. For example, if a students doesn't want to learn to code because they want to be a veterinarian, I'm certain that vets use algorithmic thinking, I just don't know how. I'd bet fashion designers can use code to help them, but again, I just don't know how. I've used sites like https://www.thebalancecareers.com/tech-careers-4161774 to learn about different job titles where computer science concepts are a main component of peoples' jobs, but every list I find is pretty small compared to the list of careers that students want to have. I was hopefuly when I came across https://code.org/careers-in-tech, but even those videos showcased software engineers who write code full-time. I am setting out to learn more about how CS is used in careers beyond the obvious ones.

Throughout this process of deciding my topic, I have focused on the skill of consideration. I originally wanted to make a website about math education or digital circuit logic, but considering the audience I care about the most helped influence my decision of a topic. I've also had to manage my time better. I originally planned on spending more time drawing up ideas for the math education website, but I realized that was further down the engineering design process and the more urgent matter was to consider more topics and have good reasons for deciding on one.

In regards to the engineering design process, I am in the very early stages: defining the problem. Up next I will be doing more research about computer science in various industries.

[Home](../README.md)
